Griselda is a very irritating woman. On leaving the luncheon table, I had felt myself to be in a good mood for preparing a really forceful address for the Church of England Men's Society. Now I felt restless and disturbed. Just when I was really settling down to it, Lettice Protheroe drifted in. I use the word drifted advisedly. I have read novels in which young people are described as bursting with energy — joie de vivre, the magnificent vitality of youth . . . Personally, all the young people I came across have the air of animal wraiths. Lettice was particularly wraith-like this afternoon. She is a pretty girl, very tall and fair and completely vague. She drifted through the French window, absently pulled off the yellow beret she was wearing and murmured vaguely with a kind of far-away surprise: "Oh! it's you."There is a path from Old Hall through the woods which comes out by our garden gate, so that most people coming from there come in at that gate and up to the study window instead of going a long way round by the road and coming to the front door. I was not surprised at Lettice coming in this way, but I did a little resent her attitude. If you come to a Vicarage, you ought to be prepared to find a Vicar. She came in and collapsed in a crumpled heap in one of my big arm-chairs. She plucked aimlessly at her hair, staring at the ceiling. "Is Dennis anywhere about?" "I haven't seen him since lunch. I understood he was going to play tennis at your place." "Oh!" said Lettice. "I hope he isn't. He won't find anybody there.""He said you asked him." "I believe I did. Only that was Friday. And to-day's Tuesday." "It's Wednesday," I said. "Oh! how dreadful," said Lettice. "That means that I've forgotten to go to lunch with some people for the third time." Fortunately it didn't seem to worry her much. "Is Griselda anywhere about?" "I expect you'd find her in the studio in the garden — sitting to Lawrence Redding." "There's been quite a shemozzle about him," said Lettice. "With father, you know. Father's dreadful." "What was the she — whatever it was about?" I inquired."About his painting me. Father found out about it. Why shouldn't I be painted in my bathing dress? If I go on a beach in it, why shouldn't I be painted in it?" Lettice paused and then went on. "It's really absurd — father forbidding a young man the house. Of course, Lawrence and I simply shriek about it. I shall come and be done here in your studio." "No, my dear," I said. "Not if your father forbids it." "Oh! dear," said Lettice, sighing. "How tiresome every one is. I feel shattered. Definitely. If only I had some money I'd go away, but without it I can't. If only father would be decent and die, I should be all right."